At what time did you used to get up at school?
How do you feel about getting up early as a child?
Which teacher did your like best at school? Why?
What did you particularly dislike about your school days?
What skills did you learn at school that might be useful in your work?
How long have you lived in your hometown? 
Do you like sunny days?
How can you try to stay cool on a sunny day?
What do people in your country usually do on a sunny day?
Do you love listening to music?
Do you think a children should learn to play a musical instrument?
Do you think paper books will still be in use in the future?
Do you have many friends?
How often do you go out with friends?
How friendly are you with your neighbours?
Which is more important to you, friends or family?
Did your parents choose your name?
Does your name have any special meaning?
Is your name common or unusual in your country?
If you could change your name, would you?
What sort of food do you like eating most?
What type of photos do you like taking?
What do you do with the photos you take?
When you visit other places, do you take photos or buy postcards?
How popular are bicycles in your hometown?
How often do you ride a bicycle?
Do you think that bicycles are suitable for all ages?
When do people give gifts or presents in your country?
Do you ever take a gift when you visit someone in their home?
When did you last receive a gift?
Do you enjoy looking for gifts for people? 
What games are popular in your country?
How do people learn to play games in your country?
Do you think it's important for people to play games?
Do you sometimes prefer to send a text message instead of telephoning?
Do you prefer to have one particular friend or a group of friends?
What do you like doing most with your friends?
Do you think it's important to keep in contact with friends you knew as a child?
What makes a friend into a good friend?
How easy would it be to learn to play an instrument without a teacher?
What's the most interesting part of your town/village?
What kind of jobs do the people in your town/village do?
Tell me about the kind of accommodation you live in?
Would you say it's a good place to live?
How long have you lived there?
What sort of accommodation would you most like to live in?
What's your favourite colour?
On what occasions would you give someone flowers?
Are flowers important in your culture?
Are your friends mostly your age or different ages?